what's up everybody poon see here now I
wasn't to tell y'all about this new
montage I saw the other day one of the
first to watch it sooner you put it on
there it said just now so I was one of
the first um and this is the news there
is montage Matrix Revolutions go out see
it I'm gonna put a link in the
description of the channel in the video
so please go out there watch it was a
really really really good montage I
can't say enough good things about it
had really good clips at creativity to
it the editing was really good and just
you know everything came together really
really good um I've known as there is
for a long time I start up sniping I got
really good and someone told me like you
ain't grizz baby and I was just like
what like you ain't grizz and just like
oh alright and I didn't know how Grizz
bliss I looked him up after that I just
fell in love with the style with him and
like the way it did stuff and you know
you know it's pretty good doggies up
he's more of an objective player like
he'll go cap be he'll go do it and right
there by that while you're doing it so
that's pretty good um which made me play
a better objective player usually I
would just you know just say fuck it
just kill everybody and I really care
you know but that's not the point the
point is you know if you'll play
objective game is to win you know you
want to win you know you want to do good
for your team even if it caused you to
go negative so shot does agree they know
um I've been watching this stuff for a
while even if black ops ii I'm like
black up that much but you made it
enjoyable to watch so you know so thanks
to their grids and his a montage and his
skill because he's pretty lucky he gets
some pretty lucky stuff like the c-4
shot where he throws up shooting custom
buddy like I'm going to do that but I
have thrown it up no scope didn't kill
myself plenty of times which is a pretty
cool I guess you know if you want to do
nothing suicides but um yeah check that
out i'll put the link in there look
forward to a one of my last montages
before i start racing and
stuff so look forward to that and pretty
much other goofy videos I gotta do this
new Brandon videos um not plow so just
like this um but yeah thnkx you know
there is I'll watches montage the one
reason why i like watching montages
because it's like it's not that setup
crappy c4 phase and obey ass or whatever
to the trick shot and faggots do you
like because there's some i watched your
montage it's like I stopped watching
them just because I'm sick of people
just standing there were two pistols out
and you know letting them hit trick
shots like like it's cool i guess but if
you're really good if you're really
going to do it like that wall just go to
private match and just do like that like
to tell you the truth like if it gets
private match oh but who gives a crap if
you're setting it up mazo being a
private match yes what's the difference
Oh pub game oh you're getting next piece
for it you're already a level what 70
you know XP but yeah my god that's a
hold of the video talking about those
guys but I'm um just thanks for watching
the video comment like subscribe go
check out there Chris's channel I'm
script me in the link like I said um
that's pretty much it so I want to say
thanks for viewing the video go watch
that montages are y'all deuces